Update readme for v1.0.0 (#757)
GeodynamicWorldBuilder/WorldBuilder: README.md

## Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
### What are the minimum requirements to compile the library and tools?

> For GWB version 1.0.0 only a C++14 compiler and CMake version higher than 2.8.12 are required to compile the library tools. Note that for some optional features (such as certain wrappers and unity build) a higher version of CMake and other dependencies may be needed (e.g., a Fortran compiler to compile the Fortran wrapper).

Reviewer: Make your life easier by mentioning the specific number in as few places as possible:
```suggestion
Currently, GWB requires only a C++14 compiler and CMake version higher than 2.8.12 to compile the library tools. Note that for some optional features (such as certain wrappers and unity build) a higher version of CMake and other dependencies may be needed (e.g., a Fortran compiler to compile the Fortran wrapper).
```

### How to cite?
The developers of the Geodynamic World Builder request that you cite the following publication:

Fraters, M., Billen, M., Gassmöller, R., Saxena, A., Heister, T., Li, H., Douglas, D., Dannberg J., Bangerth W. and Wang, Y.: The Geodynamic World Builder: A planetary structure creator for the geosciences, Journal of Open Source Software, [https://doi.org/10.21105/joss.06671](https://doi.org/10.21105/joss.06671), 2024.

Fraters, M., Thieulot, C., van den Berg, A., and Spakman, W.: The Geodynamic World Builder: a solution for complex initial conditions in numerical modelling, Solid Earth, [https://doi.org/10.5194/se-10-1785-2019](https://doi.org/10.5194/se-10-1785-2019), 2019.

> And cite the specific version of the software used. Version 1.0.0 can be cited as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And cite the specific version of the software used. The current release can be cited as:
```
